Okay.  It's  now  being  recorded.  So  then  let's  get  started  and  start  with  Ivan.  Yes,  good  morning  everybody.  So,  yesterday,  I  have  started  working  on  the  implementation.  Nothing  started,  but  continued  working  on  implementation  on  gauge  icon.  I  had  small  discussion  with  Philip  about  some  obstacles  t here.  I  would  need  some  input  from  you  Marco,  or  you  Flavia.  I  don't  know  if  you  guys,  catch  up  the  ticket.  And  after  that,  we  had  like  a  pre- planning  session  life  for  the  first  time  ever.  It  was  awesome.  And  yeah,  so  today  I'm  going  to  continue  with  the  gauge  icon  and  I  have  some  ship  shipment  to  probably  do  that  in  the  second  part  of  the  day.  That's  it.  Awesome.  Yep.  And  so  that  it's  in  there  and  mentioned  you  guys  Marco  and  Flavia  on  Git lab  and  in  the  thicket  regarding  the  go  check.  Maybe  Ivan  c an  you  shortly  share  the  link  in  development  Channel  or  so?  Just  to  keep  these  guys  in  the  loop,  then  we  will  continue  with  Djuradj .   Yes,  hello,  good  morning  again,  so  yesterday  we  had  pre-planning  and  also  took  a  look  at  the  house  agency  LinkedIn  integration.  So  for  today,  I  plan  to  check  what  we  mentioned  yesterday,  the  add  analytics  and  creative  assets.  So  to  see  do  we  have  some  t itle  there?  Or  can  we  fetch  some  different  title  there?  Yes,  and  then  I  will  continue  with  the  campaign  export.  Alright,  perfect.  Let  me  know  if  we  should  look  into  it.  The  LinkedIn  API  worded  together  and  so  that  we  can  prepare  a  feedback  for  the  house  by  latest  tomorrow  where  we  are.  And  if  you  have  questions,  especially  in  t he  naming,  schema.  Good.  Thanks.  Then  Silas.  Yes,  good  morning.  So  yesterday  I  finished  up  all  the  remaining  stuff  like  ordering  of  the  content  and  pushed  everything  in  the  evening  to  prod,  as  some  of  you  noticed  today.  I'm  basically  done  with  everything.  We  only  have  this  interview.  I  think  right  Phillip.  Got  moved.  It  got  moved  even  so  I  can  take  up  anything  from  the  backl og.  Perfect.  Okay,  then  I  will  check  the  backl og  as  soon  as  my  computer's  back  up  I'  like  to  know  it.  Thanks  then  Luca .  Good  morning.  Yeah  yesterday  we  had  the  interview  with  the  Italian  guy  Armando  Alfredo  Alfredo.  I'm  sorry.  Well,  yes,  very  talky.  So  very  talkative  guy.  Yeah,  probably  a  b it  slow  on  all  the  rest.  but  whatever.  Then  I  finally  finished  the  adjustment  for  Generali  so  that  we  have  the  latest  things  can  think  campaign  in.  And  I'm  starting  working  on  this.  I  mean,  I  starting  at  now  that  we  do  a  larger  screen.  I  can  finally  do  this  impression- share  calculation  with  real  spent  instead  of  percentages.  Perfect  enjoy  t he  large  screen.  Yes.  All  right,  so  then  I  will  give  shortly   update  from  my  side  and  then  I  can  hold,  I  will  hand  over  to  customer  success  and  Flavia  and  Marco .  So  from  my  side.  Yeah,  pre-planning,  preparation  catched  up  with  All  the  discussions  we  had  afterwards.  So,  development  Channel  and  I  will  check  with  Flavia  and  Marco  today  regarding  priorities.  I  see  some  top  priority  ones  which  are  not  in  yet.  Let's  see  how  this  goes .  So  maybe  there's  still  some  updates  coming  and  then  we  keep  you  posted  in  development  Channel.  Then  for  today.  I  will  try  to  catch  up  with  Nexoya ,  local  set  up  regarding  limits  as  this  did  not  work  w hen  we  Rolled  out  together  in  Belgrade.  And  I  will  keep  you  posted  on  this  and  then  we'll  check  with  Silas  on  the  backlog   and  I  think  also  wit l  regarding  and  I  think  he..  I  forgot  the  lightness  and  Readiness  check  for  get  to  get  Gateway  service,  which  would  also  solve  the  issue.  We  f aced  yesterday  late  evening,  when  you  push  changes  on  core  graphql   or  Gateway  service.  Yes,  that's  it  from  my  side.  So  then  Flavia.  Yes,  so  yesterday,  lots  of  customer  meetings.  As  I  mentioned  yesterday.  They  all  went  really  well.  They  all  love  the  dashboard  and  the  insights  that  we  gave  to  them.  And  so,  scribble  is  now  actually  really  happy  w hich  is  great.  So,  I  went  way,  way  better  than  expected.  Yeah,  I  think  that  the  rest  of  the  week  is  actually  quiet  on  customer  success  site.  Yep.  Just  wanting  one  thing  that  I  have  is  trying  to  apply  to  cost,  but  you  already  saw  .  Making  use  of  the  new  feature  right  away.  That's  correct.  Hope  it  works  as  expected.  Then  Marco.  From  My  Sight,  I  think  Flavia's  totally  underrating  yesterdays  day  right?  It  was  absolutely  astonishing  h ow  scribble  was  like,  excited  about  what  we  showed  them  crazy  gave  you  showed  their  problem,  is  they  lost  conversions.  in  t  last  three  weeks.  They  didn't  know  why  they  assumed  its  Nexoya  maybe  e ven,  they  lost  like,  21%  of  conversions,  like,  literally  bottom  line  c onversions  big  problem  for  them.  Big  risk  and  we  made  an  analysis  over  a ll  our  clients  and  show  that  the  average  client  is  loosing  41  percent  in  the  last  25  days  because  of  the  crockpot  potentially  because  of  the  war  situation,  and  they  are  actually  o a  good  track,  his  quote  was,  I  can  now  sleep  again  nicely  because  I  couldn't  sleep  last  three  weeks  because  this  problem,  I  didn't  know  what's  the  problem.  And  I  thought,  maybe  it's  even  N.  So  the  marketing  intelligence,  which  we  showed  him  was  priceless  for  him.  Like  it  felt  like  he  didn't  really  want  to  look  at  the  optimization.  He  was  like,  yeah.  All  fine.  We'll  just  apply  it.  Right,  so  he  was  super,  super  happy.  And  we  also  showed  in  the  morning  Assura ,  where   the  director  client  director,  even  wrote  me  on  chat  afterwards.  Hey  amazing,  insights  thanks  a  lo .  We  will  look  at  other  clients  and  same.  I  think  also  on  Iway .  He  loved  the  dashboard.  I  don't  know  if  he  loved  t he  Market  insights  but  he  loved  the  dashboards,  and  we  now  look  forward  in  ZKB,   Clara.  We  look  at  every  customer,  Klara  has  it  ZKB  has  it  same  pattern,  same  problem.  If  you  w look  at  it.  Look  at  the  dashboard  scroll  at  the  bottom  you  see  in  marketing   intelligence  field.  Where  we  put  this  information  in,  it's  all  handmade.  It's  all,  handmade  SQL,  queries  shit,  but  it  looks  beautiful  and  people  love  it  and  it's  really  a  trend,  which  we  see  in  the  market.  So  it's  crazy.  The  only  thing  which  are  not  trended  is  health  and  gaming  there  at  we  don't  see  change,  all  the  others  are  fully  affected.  So  it's  quite  fascinating.  So,  on  that  side,  I  think  it's  totally  underrated  what  Flavia  said,  it's  like  absolute  Masterpiece.  Well,  how  they  like  it.  And  how  they  loved  it.  So  it's  really  cool  to  get  such  a  feedback  because  we  had  very  shitty  numbers.  We  only    percent  more  in  scribble  and  80%  potential  and  he  was  like  we  didn't  even  talk  about  that.  He  was  so  excited.  So  today  I  have  a  couple  of  internal  meetings.  Also  customer  mee tings  swisscom.  We  got  a,  we  got  an  agreement.  They  probably  go  to  essential  until  fall  or  winter  and  then  go  forward,  which  is  fine.  That's  perfect.  And  at  the  same  time,  we  talked  with  B2C,  GoWago  will  sign  up  today  and  DPV   and  Ergo   we  both  have  government's  topics  process  topics.  I'm  on  it,  on  top  of  it.  I  hope  I  mean  it  should  it  and  now  talking  daily  with  them.  So  I  hope  the  contracts  are  going  through  and  Germany  w   to  be  a  little  bit  more  need  to  know  a  bit  more  about  this  legal  process  in  Germany.  We  d know  so  far.  Yes.  I  think  that's  all  for  my  site.  Ah  also  investment  due  diligence,  looks  very  good.  I  got  the  feedback.  No,  red  lights  always  green.  And  the  decision  might  be  already  next  week  if  they  take  the  full  convertible,  if  they  take  the  full  convertible,  w e  probably  would  take  investment  only  in  Fall  to  have  a  better  val,  so  that  we  don't  talk  about  the  10  million,  but  more  loads  of  all  the  twelve,  many,  but  largely,  like,  18  or  20  valuat ,  which  will  be  very  good  because  then  we  can  get  bigger  chunk  of  money  for  Less  shares.  You  guys  all  will  dilute  less  and  the  valuation  is  way  better  on  the  converting  point  of  your  shares.  It  will  be  good  better  for  everybody.  If  we  make  this  happen,  that's  all  for  my  side,  the  very  happy  day.  Let's  see  how  it  .  And  I  got  spoiled  by  Silas  in  the  night  and  I  couldn't  work  anymore  after  9,  p.m.  By  the  way,  there  is  a,  there  is  in  the  support  Channel.  There's  answer  from  Flavias,  answer  Silas,  if  you  can  look  at  that  very  quickly,  if  you  have  five  minutes.  Yeah,  saw  that  just  shipping  it  up,  right? Yes  if  you  think  it's  good,  then  Flavia's  happy.  Thank  you. That's  all.  Perfect.  Awesome.  And  congrats  on  the  all  these  insects  you  could  deliver  with  customers  yesterday  and  happy  to  hear  that.  They  are  happy  as  well.  And  thanks  for  the  updates  with  that.  We  can  close  the   standup  and  the  recording  hope  this  was  enough  Silas.  And.  So  question  Phil  can  even  probably  stay.  And  can  you  describe  us  or  Philip?  And  Ivan.