Recording.  Wow.  I  need  more  data. We  all  do  this. Now  for  the  next  month,  skid. Maybe  you  should  also  incorporate  the  video  just  audio. Oh,  well,  this  is  another  topic. Good.  So  we  can  then  just  start  as  mentioned,  Silas  will  record  the  session.  So.  Keep  it  brief  they  only  things  which  you  want  to  say  you  will  read  it  later  on  and  you  will  hate  it  for  you  you  will  hate  it  so  let's  kick  it  off  Ivan  you  want  to  start. Yes,  so  good  morning  everybody  yesterday  i  was  working  on  content  page  to  our  meeting  i'm  almost  done  i  have  just  one  small  quick  maybe  I  don't  then  I'll  move  it  to  staging  and  I  asked  everyone  if  you  happen  to  be  on  stage  and  take  a  look  at  it  and  if  you  figure  out  something  is  wrong  in  me  so  we  can  adjust  it  before  after  that  i'm  going  to  start  with  I  think  have  some  education  ticket,  which  is  next  one  and  yeah,  I'm  still  doubling  a  little  bit  with. That.  I  think  I'm  close  to  stabilizing  at  least  one  pipeline  so,  let's  see  how  that  works  if  not,  then  I'll  just  write  or  summary  so  that  before  planning.  Know  what  the  situation  is  next  tests.  Yes,  that  should  be  it. Great  Thanks  and  yet,  just  write  us  some  development  Channel  and  then  we  have  a  look  on  staging  and  especially  in  the  navigation  and  things  house. I'm  more  worried  about  queries  and  numbers  and  stuff  like  that,  which  nation  navigation  should  work  fine.  Yeah,  I'll  bring  everybody  so  that  you're  wearing  them. And  have  you  integrated  it  also  from  the  campaign  content  page  or  mainly  from  the  search. Campaign  content  page  and  Metric  page. A  perfect  looking  forward  to  it  then  Djuradj . Yes  hello  good  morning  so  yesterday  mostly  content  status,  then  some  operation  stuff  and  in  the  afternoon,  the  OKR  meeting  and  plan  for  today  is  to  continue  with  the  campaign  content  status  i  also  have  some  bug,  which  Marco   reported  regarding  the  remove  members  i  need  to  double-check  that  one  i  think  maybe  restarting  for  graphql  will  be  sufficient  maybe  just  didn't  pick  up  the  database  migration  because  they  are  is  fairly  weird  that's  it  for  my  site. I  think  the  restart  won't  resolve  it,  but  let's  see  good  and  then  Silas. Yes  from  my  side .  Yesterday  Support   with  dpv  optimization.  Then  did  some  more  work  on  the  concept  of  the  portrait  change  and  then  we  had  this  OKR   meeting  in  the  evening  today  probably  the  whole  day  ml  sink  and  nothing  else. Perfect.  Thanks  then  Luca. Yes,  good  morning  yesterday  in  the  morning  and  it  is  small,  outer  Sprint  addition  to  admin  UI  can  you  hear  me  yes  for  showing  the  content  that  is  that  has  no  data  that  has  never  had  d   the  youth  so  hopefully  we  will  avoid  all  those  small  mistakes  in  the  configurations,  then  Yeah,  I  continue  with  the  convent  status.  80%  down  there  it's  finished  and  yet  today,  I  started  with  the  for  the  internship  job.  Application  Yeah,  then  course,  I  will  sink  Yeah,  hopefully,  in.  The  spare  time.  I  will  finish  this  content  Status  before  tomorrow. Tastic,  thank  you.  And  then  from  my  side  yesterday,  we  are  preparing  the.  Opr  session  then  have  to  chat  with  links  regarding  mean  your  client  there  is  we  see  a  regression  or  the  project  is  moving  away  from  supporting  Azure  and  we  use  menu  as  S3,  compatible  interface  for  all  our  services  so  most  popular  pick  we  will  stick  with  the  latest  version  which  is  still  supporting  assure  and  Put  it  down  on  the  risk  on  the  map  since  we  basically,  we  are  on  supported  version  then  for  the  future,  but  for  now,  it  will  hopefully  solve  our  problems  for  the  next  couple  of  months  then  you  also  start  to  terraforming  the  off  zero  setup  so,  all  the  tenant  management,  the  management  apis,  which  we  have,  they're  mainly  with  different  apis  in  the  application,  which  we  configure  campaigns  Aires  Call  graphql  collector  and  things  like  this  we  are  going  to  consolidate  it  and  so  we  are  working  on  dev  if  you  see  any  service  is  not  working  on  dev  for  communication  failures  on  that  fits  most  probably  related  to  it  so  just  shout  in  development  so  that  we  can  have  a  look  and  not  that  you  need  to  bomb  the  book  which  is  not  caused  by  you  Yeah,  for  today,  main.  Ml  sync  as  mentioned  by  Silas,  Luca  will  go  through  certain  optimization  topics.  Also,  looking  to  beat  the  validation  possibilities,  our,  what  are  the  characteristics  current  state  there  and  also  looking  into  design  for  the  automated  bot  to.  Change  that  preparation  from  Silas  so  that  we  have  it  ready  for  the  upcoming  Sprint,  which  is  an  also  The  doing  for,  for  me,  for  the  rest  of  today  and  for  tomorrow,  prepare  the  next  Sprint  and  be  ready  for  the  pre-planning.  Tomorrow.  It's  so  far  or  to  mention  we  still  designed  the  designer  ghost  and  most  probably  will  do  a  new  like  jump  at  or.  Approach  a.  Ton  of  work  to  hire  a  new  one  or  two  have  like  a  new  person  supporting  us  there 