Recorded  now  and  always. Great  and  we  can  just  get  it  started  and  let's  kick  it  off  with  to  rush. Hello,  good  morning.  Again.  Yesterday.  I  worked  on  the  content.  Status.  Check  quickly  video  on  about  the  schema  that  will  be  suitable  for  front-end.  I'll  continue  with  the  ticket  today  as  well.  Also  did  some  system  operation  stuff.  Try  to  reproduce  the  remove  member  bug,  but  I  couldn't  we'll  try  again  on  staging  day  with  Emmi because  I  think  Marco  mentioned  that  Emmi fails.  If  I  don't  figure  it  today  quickly,  what  it  is  about  us,  create  the  tickets and  pick  it  up  in  detail  in  the  next  sprint.  And  that's  it  for  my  site. Perfect.  Thanks.  And  yet  before  I  forgot,  this  will  be  the  last  stand  up  of  the  week.  We'll  have  pre-planning  in  the  afternoon.  And  tomorrow  is  a  public  holiday  in  Switzerland.  And  so  if  you  also  think  about  it,  happened  up  food  for  tomorrow  and  on  Friday  and  works  properly  on  your  agenda  will  be  good.  So  maybe  Thruster  control  check,  then  we  will  do  the  clothes  and  if  you  so  next  then  we'll  be  Marco.  I'm  sure  not  lost  person. Very  polite  to  cannot  be  the  last  person,  and  even  say  that,  I'm  recording.  And,  yes,  a  good  morning,  everybody.  Last  two  days.  Were  optimization.  Hell.  I  felt  like  hundred  optimizations  at  a  time  because  every  organization  went  for  Q&A.  Oh,  my  table,  and  which  we  had  a  lot  that,  like,  20  or  30  running.  I  saw  it  in  the  looks  quite  some  bugs.  I  think  we  were  on  top  of  things.  Although  Monday  night  was  very  long  until  Tuesday  night  as  well.  I  think  we  are  finished  now  and  Nivea  was  just  this  morning.  Feedback  kowalko,  super  happy.  Yes,  it's  going  very  well.  We  also  start  asking  the  value  question.  What  is  the  value  of  Nexoya?  You  get  you  find  that  in  the  custom  access  and  search  and  you  find  this  Excel.  It's  actually  very  motivating.  Especially  the  answers  from  Farmy .  They  got  70%  more  conversions  and  he  basically  says  that's  thanks  to  you  guys.  Like  it's  really  crazy.  Also  Gowago  are   super  happy  because  the  CPL  is  down  by  2030  percent  within  two  weeks.  So  So  we're  on  a  good  track  and  they  really  like  us.  So  this  is  good  news  from  this  side.  And  there's  also  many  my  week  at  the  same  part  trying  to  ramp  up  sales,  which  will  go  into  next  week.  So  I'm  still  fully  subsidiary  in  Flavia,  which  means  I'm  running  a  lot  of  meetings  on  the  customer  side,  which  I  will  try  to  slow  down  next  week.  More  people  take  over  but  that's  right  now,  the  fact,  so  if  you  have  urgent   topics,  you  need  to  bring  them  up  to  me  somehow  urgently.  Otherwise,  they  will  be  taken  up  in  the  Week  of  June  and  Flavia's  back.  Because  I  took  over  all  the  custom  meetings  which  were  like  10  a  week  like  that.  Obviously,  I  have  helped  and  I  will  make  sure  that  slowly  the  people  pick  up  but  Phillip  is  not  ready  to  run  everything  himself  yet  and  Lauren  either.  So  we  are  kind  of  inner  transformation  phase  but  all  good  and  thanks  for  the  help  in  the  back  of  some  issues.  It's  a  very  hard.  When  you  have  psych,  six  of  these  areas  that  one  time  when  you  have  a  bug  on  1,  then  it's  sometimes  you  miss  stuff  and  you  don't  see  it.  So  thanks  for  the  help.  That's  all  for  my  side  and  content  report  is  coming.  I  see  it  content  view.  I  clicked  around  cool. This  is  the  only  thing  small,  the  finding  so  far.  So  maybe  we  can  push  it  by  and  or  within  this  print  hopefully  to  prod  and  will  be  very  nice  and  to  get  also  some  user  feedback  and  feedback  from  customers  and  says  I'll  be  like  it.  Good.  Thank  you,  Marco,  for  all  the  insights  from  customer  success.  And  hope  you  will  survive  all  the  meetings.  Then  next  one  Silas. Yes,  from  outside  yesterday.  Ml  sync.  Today.  I  will  push  Taboola  adapter.  Probably  Jason  just  said  that  he  is  finished.  Let's  see.  For  testing.  We  only  have  our  own  account  I  guess  or  do  we  have  someone  that  then.  Can. Farmy.  The  other  guidance  key.  Is  it?  Like  what  I  did? Yeah,  we  need  to  go  to  the  probably  as  so  maybe  if  you  can  text  him  that  you  can  somehow  get  those  sticky. Yeah,  I  will  write  him  and  CC,  you  okay? Yeah.  Yeah,  this.  fine.  Yes.  So  this  plan  for  today  and  regarding  the  story  that  we  had  yesterday  from  the  budget  optimization.  Are  you  doing  follow-ups  there?  Or  should  I  create  issues  or  was  the  plan? I  will  be  great.  If  you  can  create  issues  directly,  then  I  will  try  to  wrap  it  up  to  or  we  will  wrap  it  up  together  and  they  often  known  for  the  pre-planning  together,  if  the  other  priorities.  Okay? Yeah,  sounds  good. Thanks  for  taking  care.  Then  Luca. Yes.  Good  morning  yesterday.  Indeed,  ma'am.  I  think,  then  in  the  the  ride  back  with  the  train.  I  almost  finished  the  ml  internet  began  a pplicatio.  Ian  and  yeah  for  today  wrapping  up  the  content  status,  hopefully.  And  yes,  so  try  to  also  add  this  small  new  metrics  to  two  new  metrics  to  the  optimizations  so  that  we  can  also  track.  This  is  an  outcome  of  what  the  discussion  of  yesterday  marker  that  we  are  maybe  tracking  one  less  metric,  that  could  be  good  to  improve  the  selection  of  the  predictors.  So  we  try  to  squeeze  it  in  and  yes  to  see  if  it's  gets  us  more  inside  there. Great.  Thank  you.  Then  from  my  site  is  doing  announcing  or  physical  ml  sync  in  the  headquarter  of  Nexoya.  Thank  you  guys  for  joining  and  then  yeah  today  mainly  pre-planning  preparation  catching  up  with  the  outcome  from  the  ML  sync  and  let  me  take  me  back  clock.  Thanks  also  even  for  pushing  the  content  page  to  staging.  And  looking  through  then  for  Friday.  I  will  be  working  at  least  half  a  day.  So  if  there  are  any  emergencies  Djuradj  o   operations,  you  can  also  reach  out  to  me  and  otherwise,  I  will  wrap  up  on  the  custom  metric  branch,  which  still  not  merged.  I  need  to,  I  need  to  catch  up  there.  There's  some  smaller  things  left  in  the  calculations.  That's  it  from  my  side,  then  Yvonne. It's  good  morning  everybody  so  yes,  they  always  finish  up  content  page  thanks  for  the  feedback  whoever  has  any  i  have  some  smaller  the  patient's  in  Phil  mentioned  Hopefully,  we'll  do  it  today  and  tomorrow  when  you're  ready  i  also  started  on  metrics,  page  to  implement  pagintion   yeah  We'll  pick  it  up  after  content   page  yeah. Perfect.  Yeah,  just  speaking  about  the  company  page  and  thinking  about  the  pre-plan  of  the  planning  for  Monday.  Would  you  be  okay  to  do  a  short  walk through  a  Monday  and  whole  session?  I  think  it's  a  good  feature  to  show  to  the  whole  crew.  I  can  also  affect  or  if  we  can  pick  it  up  in  demos .  So  also  interesting  for  sales.  So  if  you  haven't  brought  on  Monday  or  I'm  staging  cool  if   we  can  prepare  a  short  walk  through  how  we  work.  Works,  what  you  can  expect  and  how  you  get  their  children.  Of. Course.  We  will  have  it  in  Sterling,  definitely,  probably.  So. Great.  Thank  you  then  Djuradj.  Maybe  you  have  some  outlook  for  forever,  Thursday,  Friday. Meaning,  do  I  have  enough  food  to  work  it?  Yeah. Okay,  good,  and  I  assume  you  have  good  work  to  do.  Thanks  for  the  Insight.  Yeah,  so  thank  you  guys  for  joining  and  if  I  have  any  questions  for  pre-planning  and  try  to  reach  out  to  you  earlier,  it's  not  see  each  other  at  1  p.m.  For  the  pre-planning,  please  also  around  your  or  fill  up  your  estimation.  On  the  time  Spence  especially  at  and  stands  on  the  issues  from  this  print.  So  that  we  can  also  have  a  look  at  how  it  looks  how  you  went  with  our  estimations,  especially  in  operations.  If  you  guys  had  like,  well,  some  system  operations  affected  cute  or  duties,  just  fill  it  into  the  ticket  as  well  and  we'll  see.  Then  also  how  we  distributed  across.  Whoever  did  it  right  there.  Djuradj  was  in  the  lead.  He  has  the  bigger  the  majority,  but  maybe  also  other  people  have  liked  smaller  stakes  in  system  operations.  Good.  So  then  have  a  good  day  working.  And  I  want  to  ask  you  a  question  to  Silas.  Should  we  still  sploil  your  recording  somehow  or  it's  all  good?  Spoil  my  recording?  No,  I  just  need  more  data.  Okay,  like  we  report  all  stand-ups  so  I  can  see  if  I  have  some  outliers,  which  do  not  work.  Okay,  so  you  cannot  speak  about  formatting  your  file  system  and  ultimately  picked  up  as  a  come  on.  No,  no,  no,  no.  Okay.  Good  then.  Thank  you  guys  and  talk  to  you  later.  See  you.  That's  awesome.