So here  we  go.   Can  you  hear  me? Yes. Oh  wait,  I  can't  hear  you  white.  Can  you  say  something  again?    Hello,  hello . All  now  it  works .  Perfect  is  Lauren  also  joining?  Yeah,  think  so .  I  th will  also  move  to  cord  Marco,  convinced  me.  A  lot  of  issue  is  with  this   headphones.  I  wonder  what  it  is  because  I  mean  everybody  has  issues  and  it's  not  consistent  over  the  different  days  like.  It's  just  bluetooth  but  it's  just.  Annoying. Ancient.  Technology. So  this  is  really  important  for  you  Silas.  They  can  see  the  recording.  Exactly.  Oh  sorry.  You  for  doing  it  online  even  though  we're  all  here  but  Silas  has  asked  to  have  a  couple  of  recordings  of  standups  and  I  forgot  it  for  like  two  weeks.  So  he's  creating  a  automatic  sort  of  speech  recognition  tool  that  then  will  summarize  the  meetings  for  you.  So  he  needs  a  couple  of  Snippets  of  meetings  and  stand-ups  are  actually  quite  cool  for  that  and  he'll  introduce  that  in  a  brown  bag  session.  That's  why  we  recording  it  today.  Yes  and  also  second  mention  Olga  is  unfortunately  sick.  Today  we  will  have  to  postpone  the  messaging  Workshop  tomorrow  because  she  has  no  time  to  work  on  it.  So  it  will  be  postponed  until  after  the  strategy  days  on  Monday  and  Tuesday  and  unfortunately,  but  I  think  it's  important  that  she  has  time  to  prepare  it  as  well,  so  it  doesn't  make  sense  to  do  it  tomorrow.  Yes,  then  let's  get  started.  Welcome  back  from  holiday  Lauren,  what's  the  plan  for  today?  So  for  today,  we  have  the  Scribble  workshop  on   site.  Also,  we  have  the  testing  and  acceptance  criteria  definition  for  the  new  feature  of  the  automatic  budget  changes.  Then  that's  basically  it,  I  will  catch  up  and  also  work  on  the  barbecue,  send  the  responsibility  polly  for  the  team.  Sounds  good.  Thank  you  then  Philipp.  So  good  morning.  So  yesterday  I  worked  on  then  started  reporting  for  DPV I  had  the  re  onboarding  with  JBW,  for  KPT  and  basically  work  from  the  setup  of  the  KPT  set  up  as  well  as  on  the    setup  and  the  anoma  is  and  today  we  have  a  meeting  with  WWZ.  Where  we  get  to  know  the  agency,  there  will  be  with  Marco,  and  the  goal  will  be  to  kind  of  pre  kickoff  meeting  so  that  they  kind  of  get  a  feeling  for  us,  what  we  do.  And  there  could  be  an  option  that  if  the  agency  likes  us  we  get  through  them.  We  get  another  client.  And  yeah  that's  why  Marco  kind  of  hopped  in.    the  morning  and  then  yeah.  Working  on  the  content  content  template  or  the  content  plan.  Yeah,  the  setup  continue  on  the  setups.  Then  we  also  have  a  meeting  with  Farmy and  the  pilot  meeting.  Yeah,  they're  quite  positive  for  the  outcome ,  maybe  squeeze  in  a  setup  for.  Google  ads  but  let's  see  if  there  is  time. Sounds  like  a  busy  day,  is  Marco  part  of  the  Farmy  meeting?  He's  the sales  there,  right? Yes,  yes,  yes,  yes.  So  I  think  currently,  we're  on  the,  it  looks  like  because  we  sent  we  already  sent  them,  the  our  presentation.  I  ran  a  final  presentation  and  this  Flo,  the    the  CMO   he  didn't  he  will  not  join  today.  So  this  is  either  a  good  sign  or  a  bad  sign  but  I  assume  it's  a  good  sign  because  we're  didn't  sound  like  any  cancellation  of  our  current   collaboration.  I  think . I  mean  the  bill   out  as  well.  So  I  assume  that  they  might  h  had  already  but  very  interesting  that  it's  hard  to  get  the  CMO  of  these  startups  because  also  for  scribble  we  were  supposed  to  meet  the  CMO   for  how  long?  Like  a  month ?   And  he  never  shows  up.  So  interesting  to  see  let's  keep  an  eye  on  it.  If  we  actually  need  a  CMO  in  these  cases  or  not.  Then  thank  you  Philipp  from  my  side  yesterday,  couple  of  syncs,  meeting  with  Magix  it  went  well  she's  generally  happy  she  still  wants  a  little  bit  of  a  better  performance.  The  cost  per  conversion  value  isn't  quite  there  where  she  would  like  it  to  be.  I  will  have  the  end  of  pilot  in  two  weeks  with  them.  So  let's  see  if  I  mean  performance  from  our  side  with  our  validation  actually  looks  really  good  and  we  brought  it  down  quite  a  bit,  but  she  still  has  ideas  of  what  she  wants.  To  achieve.  We  have  access  to  their  tools,  right?  Yes.  Yeah,  I'm  doing  sort  of  a  health  check  next  week  for  them  as  well.  I'm  just  to  include  that  because  they're  bidding  strategies.  We  are  now  suggesting  targeted  ROAS  for  like,  I  don't  know,  10% target  ROAS,  whi   I  mean,  that  can't  be,  that  can't  be  it.  It  doesn't  really  make  sense.  No. Sort  of  suggest  them  a  better  setup.  That  we  can  bring  bring  them  more  main  goal  there  for  the  halftime  pilot.  Then  I'm  also  doing  research  on  the  onboarding  process,  how  we  can  better  capture  the  Handover  from  sales  to  customers  success.  I'll  have  another  sync  on  that  today  with  Alen also.  Well  actually  otherwise  I  have  all  my  meetings  got  taken  by  Marco.  So  I  have  a  free  day  too  p repare  DMEXCO  but  also  strategy  days  will  be  the  main  focus  of  today.  Yes  that's  it  from  my  side  any  other  points  from  you  guys?  All  right,  then  have  a  happy  day  and  see  you  in  a  second.  See  you .