Is  Marco  also  joining? What  is  taking  so  long? To  show  the  recording . -  all  right.  Then  we  will  start  with  the  stand  up.  Today  a   lot  of  mails,  a  lot  of  calls  because  it  was  a way  for  the  last  four  days.  So  there's  a  lot  of  things  to  do  f rom  m y  ide.  Yeah,  think  that's  all.  Tomorrow  I in  the  office  on  Friday,  I  am  out  of  office,  just  so,  you  know,  and  then  I  will  give  it  to  Joel  give  you  the  word. Good  morning,  everyone.  I'm  so  yesterday,  I  had  a  call  with   Stefan  from  Omnicom  regarding  this  white  labeling  thing,  but  mainly  regarding  their  customers  a  few  findings,  w hy  s ome  customers  can,  some  cannot,  ma  agency  sites,  their  cash  backs.  The  fact  that  they  want  to  sell  their  own  media  first.  So  interesting,  but  we  also  have  a  case  study  now  published  by  Omnicom  mentioning  Nexoya.  So  this  will  get  lots  of  visibility  which  we  then  can  use  for  other  brands  in  cosmetic  or  DTC  sales.  Other  than  that ,  nothing  that's  it,  I  have  a  few  campaigns  I   have  to  clean  up  and  lists  in  ,  it's  getting  messy  there .  And  oh,  I  know  I  got  Swiss  back.  We're  back  with  them  calling  them  yesterday. All  right . That's  it.  Yeah.  Jonas? So  yesterday  Alen  and  I  had  a  demo  with  Auto-Eder   so  yeah  car  company.  And  yeah  we  think  that's  not  out  r eal  ICP   because  there  they  have  really  difficult   campaigns  and  like  the  structures  of  the  campaigns  and  today  we  got  a  demo  with  the  Social-Train It's  a  huge  e-commerce  company  with  a  lot  of  companies  under  that  and  basically  my  day  is  all  about  chores  and  preparing  my  campaigns  for  next  week.  Yea,  that's  it. Jonas,  explained  a  little  bit  too  short  to  you  guys.  So  Jonas  was   presenting  the  demo  yesterday.  He  was  in  charge  of  it,  and  he  had  traveled  to  push  our  product  or  tools  to  explain  our  product,  how  could  it  work  for  Auto-Eder.   I  mean,  for  the  meeting,  we  knew  it's  not  a,  it's  not  a  fit  and  I  wanted  Jonas   to  go  over  it  and  to  have,  I  mean,  he  basically,  this  is  what  we  had  in  the  past  a  few  times,  not  a  right  ICP  and  we  have  tried  to  sell  product,  make  it  for  them  and  Jo  try  to  make  it  fit  to  them,  but  it's  not  working,  right?  So,  the,  the  structure  was  strange  there,  they  don't  have  enough  budget.  Basically,  everything  is  wrong  w hat  can  be  wrong  based  to  our  product.  And  I  enjoyed  the  moment  when  he  tried  to  sell  him  something  that  it's  not  sellable,  you  know  what  I  mean?  So  this   was  kind  of  also  learning,  I  think  very  important  for  him.  So  I  hope  I'm  not  getting  any  Auto-Eder in  the  it's  a  very  successful  company,  they're  doing,  they're  probably  making  huge  amount  on  revenue  and  sales  but  it's,  they're  not  performance  driven  and  they  don't  have  the  yeah  core  set  up.  We  need  to  have  to  to  be  able  to  do  so.  Okay,  so  there  was  very  important  what  Jonas  did  yesterday.  So  he  had  had  the  pain  to  think  about  it  and  try  to  make  something  up.  But  it  wasn't  possible  because  it's  not  a  fit.  And  our  solution  is  not  made  for  them. Maybe  the  reporting  world,  that's  not  our  core. We  are  not  going  under  that  this  guy  is  lost  and  we  gonna  be  going  to  push  for  different  ICP's  in  the  future  and  going  to  push  for  them  and  besides  that  my  funnel  is  really  really  dry  so  we  need  to  move  a  little  bit  and  move  a  little  bit  faster.   I  talk  to  and  the  beginning  of  the  week  he  wants  to  take  care  of  Lil-Hipster.  You  can  get  feedback  from  him.  So  it's  away  from  my  shoulders  and  also  same  for  Doug lass.  Because  I'm  not  getting  any  feedback  from  them.  I  wrote,  I  called  now  he  wants  to  do  a  different  approach.  See,  maybe  we  can  we  can  move  on  there.  Okay,  so  besides  that,  so   Social-Change is  huge.  It's  there  are  kind  of  startup,  but  they're  also  on  the  stock  market.  So   I  hope  they  have  the  startup  DNA,   testing  fast  and  so  on.  But  I  have  talked  to  them  in  the  past.  There's  one  guy  he  was  also  invited.  He  is  not  going  to  join.  He  didn't  like  us  back  then  or  didn't  believe  it's  the  right  moment.  So  we  need  to  see  how  it's  going. You  and   Lu  had  a  demo  call,  I  think  last  year  in  October. Right.  Something  like  that. Yes,  okay  I  remember. So  let's  see  otherwise.  It's  yeah,  it's  really  hot  and  a  lot  of  people  are  on  vacation. True. Have  you  guys  seen  yesterday  the  software?  That  I've  sent?  S omebody  from  you   guys  wanted  to  want  to  check.  Make  a  deep  dive.    I  pushed  it  in  the  sales  folder.   The  Slack   folder?  Are  you  reading  the  messages  getting  in  there? Yeah.  Mostly. In  sales  channel. I  didn't  see  that. Okay,   one  of  you  guys  Florian  or  Jonas  wants  to  test  it?  It's  basically  similar  to  the  one  y ou  are  using  with  the  pictures  Florian  but  it's  a  little  bit  Emoji,  driven.  Florian  is  our  picture  guy . The  picture  y ou  mean  not  the  software,  you  should  have  picture.  To  appreciate  the  picture,  there's  that's  the  costs  of  that  company's.  It's  written  down  so   it's  easy  to  find  and  then  to  test  it  as  it  makes  sense  for  us  to  do.  The  person  who  did  it  says  eight  out  of  ten,  ghosting   never  happens  again.  So  they  are  coming  back  to  her  she's  doing  if  the  person  is  doing  that,  So  let's  check  it  because  I  think  we  have  a  ghosting  problem  at  least  some   of  us .  Definitely.  All  right.  Something  to  add  from  anyone?   Ok  we're  good.  And  I  wish  you  a  beautiful  day,  guys. 